Here are the control
variables that I thought of.
First, the type of people visiting the
page may have an impact as to whether or
not they will click on
the loyalty club link.
Next, it would be important ensure
that we only count each person once
regardless of how many times
they click on the site.
And lastly, whether or
not they already have a membership card
would likely influence
clicking on the link.
Therefore, let's use the following three
variables for our control variables.
The type of people visiting the page,
their socioeconomic standing,
demographic profile, etc.
How frequently they visit the site, and
if they already have
a membership number or not.
We'll use this list as
an example going forward, but
think about how you would incorporate
the variables you thought up as well
as we walk through the rest
of the experiment.